Flametail,Fire,A swift fire fox with a burning tail.
Emberclaw,Fire,A feline with claws that ignite.
Pyropup,Fire,A playful pup radiating heat.
Blazefin,Fire,A blazing fish with molten scales.
Cinderno,Fire,A horned beast smoldering with sparks.
Hydrake,Water,A serpentine water dragon.
Aqualope,Water,A nimble antelope that rides currents.
Droplett,Water,A bubbly creature of pure water.
Rainscale,Water,A fish with storm-charged fins.
Tidekin,Water,A seahorse with tidal powers.
Leafcub,Grass,A small but fierce jungle feline.
Mossaur,Grass,A dinosaur covered in thick moss.
Thornlet,Grass,A bushy critter with thorny armor.
Verdlume,Grass,A glowing plant sprite.
Petalbun,Grass,A bunny blooming with flower petals.
Zapkit,Electric,A nimble cub that stores static energy.
Voltowl,Electric,An owl that glows with electric feathers.
Shockroach,Electric,A buzzing bug with shocking legs.
Sparkoon,Electric,A raccoon that emits bright sparks.
Thundroll,Electric,A hedgehog that rolls in thunder.
Frosthorn,Ice,A horned beast of the tundra.
Chillipup,Ice,A chilly pup with snowflake fur.
Iciclaw,Ice,A cat with icicle-like claws.
Glaciwing,Ice,A bird with wings of frozen wind.
Snowdrip,Ice,A gentle creature dripping with frost.
Pebblin,Rock,A mischievous rock imp.
Stonox,Rock,A large golem with glowing veins.
Bouldash,Rock,A rolling boulder beast.
Granituff,Rock,A dog with granite armor.
Craggit,Rock,A lizard hiding in crags.
Plainpup,Normal,An ordinary pup with extraordinary courage.
Dozey,Normal,A sleepy creature that’s full of surprises.
Meadoween,Normal,A meadow critter with keen senses.
Mundillo,Normal,A rolling creature of modest power.
Snuffit,Normal,A curious nosey-nose beast.
Mindimp,Psychic,A psychic imp that distorts reality.
Dreamoon,Psychic,A floating moonchild of thought.
Wispeye,Psychic,A disembodied eye that sees all.
Brainetta,Psychic,A cerebral orb with glowing runes.
Psycharoo,Psychic,A kangaroo with mind-bending leaps.
Shadewisp,Dark,A ghostly shadow that whispers.
Noctibite,Dark,A bat that feeds on fear.
Duskrat,Dark,A sneaky rodent cloaked in darkness.
Voidpaw,Dark,A beast with paws fading into void.
Creeperoo,Dark,A monster that lurks just out of view.
Ironmaw,Steel,A beast with jaws of iron.
Gearbit,Steel,A tiny metal creature with rotating jaws.
Clankoon,Steel,A raccoon of clinking plates.
Steelshade,Steel,A stealthy shadow of steel.
Tinling,Steel,A playful automaton child.
Twinklepix,Fairy,A mischievous fairy who giggles a lot.
Glimber,Fairy,A glittering butterfly creature.
Charmouf,Fairy,A fluffy charmer with sparkling fur.
Fayfin,Fairy,A glowing fish of whimsy.
Mystuff,Fairy,A magical critter of unknown power.
