Fiery Fury,Fire,28,A charged Fire attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Savage Ray,Fire,47,A technique that channels Fire energy into a devastating move.
Blazing Charge,Fire,26,A technique that channels Fire energy into a devastating move.
Solar Pulse,Fire,28,Generates a wave of Fire force to disrupt the opponent.
Lunar Pulse,Fire,40,Generates a wave of Fire force to disrupt the opponent.
Mystic Pulse,Fire,49,A technique that channels Fire energy into a devastating move.
Mystic Bolt,Fire,44,An explosive Fire strike that radiates raw energy.
Solar Blast,Fire,22,A charged Fire attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Blazing Whirl,Fire,28,An explosive Fire strike that radiates raw energy.
Mystic Strike,Fire,29,An explosive Fire strike that radiates raw energy.
Mystic Whirl,Water,46,A technique that channels Water energy into a devastating move.
Thunder Spike,Water,26,A technique that channels Water energy into a devastating move.
Crystal Whirl,Water,22,A charged Water attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Lunar Whirl,Water,33,A charged Water attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Lunar Wave,Water,34,Generates a wave of Water force to disrupt the opponent.
Savage Whirl,Water,20,A technique that channels Water energy into a devastating move.
Savage Spike,Water,39,A charged Water attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Mystic Wave,Water,25,Generates a wave of Water force to disrupt the opponent.
Blazing Slash,Water,39,A charged Water attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Thunder Bolt,Water,48,Generates a wave of Water force to disrupt the opponent.
Venomous Blast,Grass,36,A technique that channels Grass energy into a devastating move.
Shocking Slash,Grass,21,Generates a wave of Grass force to disrupt the opponent.
Blazing Blast,Grass,22,A charged Grass attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Blazing Strike,Grass,36,An explosive Grass strike that radiates raw energy.
Savage Strike,Grass,21,A charged Grass attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Mystic Charge,Grass,34,An explosive Grass strike that radiates raw energy.
Frozen Strike,Grass,41,A technique that channels Grass energy into a devastating move.
Fiery Charge,Grass,41,A technique that channels Grass energy into a devastating move.
Shocking Wave,Grass,41,Generates a wave of Grass force to disrupt the opponent.
Lunar Blast,Grass,29,Generates a wave of Grass force to disrupt the opponent.
Fiery Strike,Electric,46,A charged Electric attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Shocking Pulse,Electric,33,Unleashes a powerful Electric-type attack that hits hard.
Fiery Blast,Electric,43,A charged Electric attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Mystic Slash,Electric,39,An explosive Electric strike that radiates raw energy.
Phantom Strike,Electric,48,An explosive Electric strike that radiates raw energy.
Fiery Pulse,Electric,48,Unleashes a powerful Electric-type attack that hits hard.
Solar Charge,Electric,42,An explosive Electric strike that radiates raw energy.
Solar Bolt,Electric,29,Generates a wave of Electric force to disrupt the opponent.
Fiery Wave,Electric,29,An explosive Electric strike that radiates raw energy.
Thunder Charge,Electric,50,An explosive Electric strike that radiates raw energy.
Fiery Whirl,Ice,28,A technique that channels Ice energy into a devastating move.
Savage Charge,Ice,29,A technique that channels Ice energy into a devastating move.
Shocking Spike,Ice,20,An explosive Ice strike that radiates raw energy.
Frozen Blast,Ice,31,A charged Ice attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Mystic Burst,Ice,29,A charged Ice attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Frozen Fury,Ice,38,Unleashes a powerful Ice-type attack that hits hard.
Crystal Bolt,Ice,36,A charged Ice attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Blazing Pulse,Ice,22,A technique that channels Ice energy into a devastating move.
Fiery Ray,Ice,32,Unleashes a powerful Ice-type attack that hits hard.
Venomous Wave,Ice,50,Unleashes a powerful Ice-type attack that hits hard.
Frozen Pulse,Rock,27,A charged Rock attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Venomous Burst,Rock,22,A technique that channels Rock energy into a devastating move.
Savage Blast,Rock,44,Generates a wave of Rock force to disrupt the opponent.
Blazing Fury,Rock,38,A charged Rock attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Venomous Pulse,Rock,35,A charged Rock attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Lunar Strike,Rock,32,Generates a wave of Rock force to disrupt the opponent.
Solar Strike,Rock,33,A charged Rock attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Phantom Spike,Rock,34,Generates a wave of Rock force to disrupt the opponent.
Phantom Slash,Rock,49,A technique that channels Rock energy into a devastating move.
Shocking Strike,Rock,28,A technique that channels Rock energy into a devastating move.
Lunar Slash,Normal,25,Unleashes a powerful Normal-type attack that hits hard.
Solar Whirl,Normal,39,Unleashes a powerful Normal-type attack that hits hard.
Blazing Ray,Normal,24,A charged Normal attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Crystal Blast,Normal,29,A charged Normal attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Venomous Fury,Normal,34,Generates a wave of Normal force to disrupt the opponent.
Frozen Whirl,Normal,41,An explosive Normal strike that radiates raw energy.
Phantom Bolt,Normal,47,Generates a wave of Normal force to disrupt the opponent.
Thunder Blast,Normal,32,A charged Normal attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Shocking Bolt,Normal,36,An explosive Normal strike that radiates raw energy.
Solar Slash,Normal,26,Unleashes a powerful Normal-type attack that hits hard.
Crystal Ray,Psychic,41,Generates a wave of Psychic force to disrupt the opponent.
Phantom Burst,Psychic,20,Unleashes a powerful Psychic-type attack that hits hard.
Shocking Charge,Psychic,29,A technique that channels Psychic energy into a devastating move.
Blazing Spike,Psychic,45,Unleashes a powerful Psychic-type attack that hits hard.
Crystal Charge,Psychic,24,An explosive Psychic strike that radiates raw energy.
Venomous Strike,Psychic,26,Unleashes a powerful Psychic-type attack that hits hard.
Phantom Ray,Psychic,29,A technique that channels Psychic energy into a devastating move.
Frozen Bolt,Psychic,38,An explosive Psychic strike that radiates raw energy.
Mystic Fury,Psychic,48,Generates a wave of Psychic force to disrupt the opponent.
Mystic Blast,Psychic,48,Generates a wave of Psychic force to disrupt the opponent.
Crystal Spike,Dark,30,A technique that channels Dark energy into a devastating move.
Solar Ray,Dark,39,Generates a wave of Dark force to disrupt the opponent.
Venomous Charge,Dark,50,An explosive Dark strike that radiates raw energy.
Frozen Slash,Dark,34,Unleashes a powerful Dark-type attack that hits hard.
Thunder Ray,Dark,27,An explosive Dark strike that radiates raw energy.
Lunar Charge,Dark,35,Unleashes a powerful Dark-type attack that hits hard.
Thunder Whirl,Dark,20,A technique that channels Dark energy into a devastating move.
Frozen Burst,Dark,37,An explosive Dark strike that radiates raw energy.
Phantom Pulse,Dark,37,An explosive Dark strike that radiates raw energy.
Venomous Slash,Dark,50,An explosive Dark strike that radiates raw energy.
Crystal Wave,Steel,20,An explosive Steel strike that radiates raw energy.
Thunder Strike,Steel,45,A charged Steel attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Solar Fury,Steel,33,A technique that channels Steel energy into a devastating move.
Crystal Fury,Steel,49,A charged Steel attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Venomous Spike,Steel,20,An explosive Steel strike that radiates raw energy.
Savage Slash,Steel,50,Unleashes a powerful Steel-type attack that hits hard.
Shocking Fury,Steel,37,Generates a wave of Steel force to disrupt the opponent.
Frozen Wave,Steel,22,A technique that channels Steel energy into a devastating move.
Phantom Charge,Steel,47,A technique that channels Steel energy into a devastating move.
Fiery Bolt,Steel,39,A charged Steel attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Crystal Burst,Fairy,25,Unleashes a powerful Fairy-type attack that hits hard.
Mystic Spike,Fairy,24,Unleashes a powerful Fairy-type attack that hits hard.
Frozen Spike,Fairy,45,Unleashes a powerful Fairy-type attack that hits hard.
Solar Wave,Fairy,48,A charged Fairy attack that may leave the foe stunned.
Savage Fury,Fairy,30,Generates a wave of Fairy force to disrupt the opponent.
Lunar Spike,Fairy,22,A technique that channels Fairy energy into a devastating move.
Savage Wave,Fairy,43,Generates a wave of Fairy force to disrupt the opponent.
Savage Burst,Fairy,50,An explosive Fairy strike that radiates raw energy.
Phantom Whirl,Fairy,42,A technique that channels Fairy energy into a devastating move.
Solar Burst,Fairy,30,An explosive Fairy strike that radiates raw energy.
